back to when we were
looking like a snake leo of course not
me welcome back to hope scope we show
some enthusiasm I mean not quite what I
had in mind but for those of you that I
knew here Leo and I are your number one
source for all things fit fashion make
sure I hit that big red subscribe button
if you haven't already because it really
supports Leo and I helps us pay the
bills but for you it's free so it's a
win-win for everybody I got my hands on
some of the new Jim shark Nicki black at
our season two pieces and in case you
couldn't tell by the thumbnail and the
title and all that jazz this is not
sponsored I went out of my way like the
psycho that I am to make sure that I got
some of these pieces to review for you
guys
in case you didn't hear they did
officially announce the launch date of
when all this stuff is going online and
you're gonna want to set your alarms
because last time they did one of these
for season one stuff was literally gone
in seconds so I'm hoping that they have
a little bit of a larger stock
especially first u.s. people it's
launching it like 8:10 a.m. unless
you're lazy poops like Leo and I you
probably have a real job and can't just
be like sitting around waiting and then
I also have some pieces from the last
line so I'm gonna be comparing the new
versus the old excited are you excited
wait
you're neutral okay okay let's get
started I'm gonna start with the thing
that I am least excited about I'm not
throwing shade like I really do love
everything Oh before I go too far though
huge shout out to my girl Krista she
went to the gym shark pop-up shop in LA
and was able to grab me these two pieces
she is such a gym she even got me the
freakin limited limit is a bit their
limited edition bag my heart you know
those shirts that you wear on a casual
day to work or school and you sweat nay
pit out in them no matter what you do no
matter what deodorant you're wearing
that is this shirt for me and like if
you're wearing it to the gym pool I
guess like
I mean you're there to swipe so it's not
as big of a deal the backdrop crops this
is one of the most popular pieces from
this collaboration season one backdrop
crop season two I'm pretty sure they're
identical 90% polyester 10% elastane you
know that's fine we don't need a ring
light anyway we're going to rock the
natural lighting and the old one is 88
percent polyester 2% elastin they're
basically exactly the same I'm not gonna
wear this casually because of the
sweating issue and then it's basically
t-shirt material so I don't love wearing
it to the gym you girls more of a
seamless long-sleeve type of gal
obviously I just feel like the seamless
knit type tops are so much more
breathable I think I've worn this one
time to the gym and I got this one just
because I was so obsessed with the color
and it's gonna look so good with the
dynamic leggings I had to UM just the
heads up I'm probably gonna throw this
old one up on my Poshmark closet
these are fifty dollars in my personal
opinion they're not worth fifty dollars
just because I don't love wearing them
at the gym but if you do like this type
of material and you think you're gonna
wear the heck out of it let's talk about
the dynamic leggings the dynamic
leggings from season one were actually
kind of a disappointment to me the
material of these were basically the
same material as the original sculpture
leggings they're a nylon elastane
they're not a typical nylon they're very
thick and plushy but after I washed them
one or two times they got this weird
like pilled texture you know the one
where they like shrink a little bit and
everything starts sticking to them and
once again that just didn't find myself
wearing them that often because they
weren't super breathable the new dynamic
legging I was ready to like rip these
apart in an honest review and I have
nothing bad to say about them the thing
that I am most impressed with is they
are 100% squaw proof even when I wore a
dark colored underwear under them
obviously see the panty lines but you
couldn't see through them to color or
crack the material that these are made
out of is most similar to the Jim shark
dreamy leggings if you've watched my
other Jim shark reviews you'll know that
I said to size down in the dreamy
leggings but I don't think you need to
size down in the dynamic leggings I got
us a small and they fit perfect I do
have all of my specific measurements
down below for reference these were the
perfect length for me but I am a little
bit tall I'm like five seven five eight
I love this mesh panel that runs down
the side even though this isn't the most
breathable material in the world I think
that that helps ventilate a little bit
and it's just so flattering I think that
this waistband is extremely flattering I
would still consider it a high waist
even though it kind of dips down in the
front here as far a sweat proof miss
gose these actually hold up pretty well
probably about halfway through my
high-intensity workouts is when I start
seeing sweat stains the dynamic leggings
are $60 except I do believe the dynamic
leggings in the pineapple print are
going to be $65 this is if the prices
are the same from the pop-up shop as
online which I'm assuming they're gonna
be okay so the next two things I
actually snagged on Poshmark and yeah I
overpaid for them do it for the hope
scope and that is this body suit and the
joggers the body suits I paid $75 for
this because I genuinely thought they
were gonna be like 60 bucks but they
actually are retailing for $30 I'm
assuming that the pineapple print one
will be a little bit more expensive than
just the solid color ones I went with
the black because I think that it will
go with the most stuff there are just so
many ways that you can wear this you can
wear it to the gym with leggings which I
am here for that trend and then the
other way that I like to wear it is kind
of like what I'm doing now I'll throw on
a pair of joggers and like some sort of
jacket and make it into a really casual
glam leisure as you might call it outfit
the material of this is kind of a hybrid
between like a swimsuit material and
just a regular cottony body suit so it's
super like smooth slick cool and then
they also have the mesh
panels going up the side which I love I
thought about wearing it as a swimsuit
but they are very bootylicious and the
reason that they did that I think is so
that you can wear them with leggings and
you don't have like a really blatant
underwear line underneath them the last
item that I got are the boyfriend
joggers in the vanilla color I also paid
like $75 for these but they are
retailing for 45 they're actually a lot
thinner than I thought they would be but
I'm not mad I actually like this type of
jogger more so than like the thick
plushy sweat pant type jogger
I just feel like these are a lot more
flattering and a lot more comfortable I
love the nice thick waistband it's just
a big thick elastic and then has the
ruching on the outside as well as a
drawstring it has this really cute mesh
panel running down the side and it's
actually a double layer of mesh so it's
not like super see-through super sexy
just nice and subtle and then it's also
tapered at the bottom nice big pockets
in the front and the little Mickey B
logo on the side and if you can see
stains on them in the Tryon footage I
wore these for like three days straight
and you know that stuff happens I'll
throw up some of the prices on the items
that I do know how much they're going to
be the cropped surface hoodies are going
to be $50 the retro shorts are going to
be 40 the bombers are the most expensive
item those are going to be $95 and
that's all I know for sure let me know
down in the comments what pieces you are
the most excited for and if you guys
ever buy anything based on my
recommendations in my videos I love when
you tagged me on Instagram I love to see
how you guys style things thank you so
much for watching I hope that this video
was helpful to you I know that it's kind
of nice to hear just a totally unspun
sur an unbiased opinion on these types
of things as always I love to hear your
suggestions on what you'd like for me to
review next and Leo and I will see you
guys in the next video say bye YouTube
oh okay bye